R Markdown
----------

This is an R Markdown document. Markdown is a simple formatting syntax
for authoring HTML, PDF, and MS Word documents. For more details on
using R Markdown see <http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com>.

When you click the **Knit** button a document will be generated that
includes both content as well as the output of any embedded R code
chunks within the document. You can embed an R code chunk like this:

    summary(cars)

    ##      speed           dist       
    ##  Min.   : 4.0   Min.   :  2.00  
    ##  1st Qu.:12.0   1st Qu.: 26.00  
    ##  Median :15.0   Median : 36.00  
    ##  Mean   :15.4   Mean   : 42.98  
    ##  3rd Qu.:19.0   3rd Qu.: 56.00  
    ##  Max.   :25.0   Max.   :120.00

Including Plots
---------------

You can also embed plots, for example:

![](user2017_files/figure-markdown_strict/pressure-1.png)

Note that the `echo = FALSE` parameter was added to the code chunk to prevent printing of the R code that generated the plot.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

title: "Title of your submission" author: | | Author A<sup>1</sup> and
Author B<sup>1,2</sup> | | 1. Affiliation of author A and author B | 2.
Second affiliation of author B institute: - **<sup>1</sup>Juans Casa -
**<sup>2</sup>Tus Place output: html\_document bibliography:
biblioExample.bib nocite: | @ref2, @ref3 ---

**Keywords**: First, Second, ..., up to 5 keywords

**Webpages**: <https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=mypkg>,
<https://rpubs.com/username/project>

This abstract template can be rendered as *HTML* using the **rmarkdown**
package, e.g.

    library(rmarkdown)
    render("abstract_template.md")

or using the shortcuts provided in your IDE for *R*.

Some suggestions: if you mention a programming language like *R*,
italicize the language name. If you mention an *R* function `foo`,
typeset the function name as code. If you mention an *R* package
**fooPkg**, typeset the package name in bold. Textual citations, e.g.,
@ref1 jumped over the fence, and parenthetical citations, e.g., the
fence was jumped \[@ref1\], may appear within the abstract. If you want
to include references that are not cited in the text, use the `nocite`
metadata field. Note the references do not need to be stored as a `.bib`
file, see [Bibliographies and
Citations](http://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/authoring_bibliographies_and_citations.html)
in the R Markdown documentation for alternatives. Also note that using a
`.bib` does not require *LaTeX* to be installed. Markup such as code
blocks, displayed equations, and lists should be used sparingly (if at
all), to keep the abstract short. Abstracts should not exceed one side
of A4 paper when printed and should not include images.

References
==========
